# Example for a Performance Test
This folder contains an example for a performance test. A test *similar* to the campaign **'Tests with UDP, Raw and Packet Sockets using a High-Performance PC'** (see  5.3.1) was selected.

- SuT with **High-Performance PCs**
- Duration of **10s** and Cycle Time of **0 µs**
- Datagram Size of **80 Bytes**


## Test Execution
The test was executed with TestSuite 7c120a0 for reliability tests. Sample config files can be found in the folder `1 – TestSuite/7c120a0 (Performance)/config`.


## Raw Data
The raw data from the TestSuite for this test can be found in the **raw**-Folder.

The folder is structured into *client*, containing the client data, and *server*, containing the server data. In each folder, there are the folders containing the output data of each test.

For both client and server, the output data consits of the Test Description (see `test_description.xml`), a logfile created by nmon (see `system_log.nmon`) and the Test Results (see `test_results.xml`).

The Test Results contain the send timestamp (on the client) or the receive timestamp (on the server) for each packet. As 1.6 million packets were sent in the test, this file is very large. Therefore, an additional file for this example is provided with `test_results_reduced.xml`, which has the same structure but only contains the timestamps of the first 10 packets.

## Analyzed Data
The **analyzed**-Folder contains the data generated by the eParser script for these tests.

For performance tests, the analyzed data is structured into two stages:
1. Output Data (see `output`-Folder)
2. Result Data (see `result`-Folder))

### Output Data
The output data is generated by the eParser Python scripts and contains two files.

The first one is the File with the key results (see `performance.xml`). This file contains key insights like the maximum and mean latency, the bandwidth, or relevant secondary results like in-order delivery or packet loss.

The second file contains the calculated latency for each packet (see `performance.xml`). Again, a reduced file with only the first 10 packets is provided for this example.

### Result Data
The result Data contain a summary of the worst-case and mean latency for a test campaign. In this example, the data contains the results for 80 bytes datagram size, and in addition also the results for 1080 to 8080 bytes.

A image (see `latencies.png`) is generated providing a graphical overview of the worst-case and mean latency by datagram size. In addtition, an Excel file (see `latencies.xlsx`) is generated containing the latency values from the campaign.
