# Example for a Reliability Test
This folder contains an example for a reliability test. Tests from the campaign **'Isolated Tests in Different Operating States'** (see  4.1.2.1) where selected.

- SuT with **High-Performance PCs**
- **Memory Load** on the **Server**
- Duration of **100s** and Cycle Time of **0 µs**
- Datagram Sizes of **80 Bytes**, **8900 Bytes** and **65000 Bytes**

The test shows packet loss with all three datagram sizes investigated.


## Test Execution
The test was executed with TestSuite ada68a3 for reliability tests. Sample config files can be found in the folder `1 – TestSuite/ada68a3 (Reliability)/config`.


## Raw Data
The raw data from the TestSuite for these tests can be found in the **raw**-Folder.

The folder is structured into *client*, containing the client data, and *server*, containing the server data. In each folder, there are the folders containing the output data of each test.

For the client, the output data consits of the Test Description (see `test_description.xml`) for the test and the Test Results (see `test_results.xml`) containing the results and the metrics.

For the server, the output data consits of the Test Results (see `test_results.xml`) containing only the metrics in this case. Additionaly, the logfile created by nmon (see `system_log.nmon`) is included. This logfile is only generated for the system which is subjected to stress, which is in these tests only the server.


## Analyzed Data
The **analyzed**-Folder contains the data generated by the eParser script for these tests.

In this case, it contains an Excel file summarizing the test campaign.

This file contains, in addition to the results, also data from the test description to identify the test and also calculated data like the bandwidth.

